you will now know the training courses in the area of ​​baking
and confectionery elaborated by sapiens hundreds of technical professions
in partnership with the small hotel college castro sônia and therefore not
Sao Paulo
the courses are made up of books
a technical and interactive content
in films that show the practice
of books you have the instructional methodology to be used for better
learner's use of content divided into modules
calls to watch specific course movies
the exercises to review beatification of the concepts
in evaluation phase
three films the student receives information directly from the teacher
and is transported through the images to a practical reality
looking at equipment installations
the preparation of recipes and the details for a perfect understanding
of content
for each course after a change
receives a certificate
and at the end of the completion of all courses in the area of ​​baking and
confectionery
still without certificate day without taking a risk
a student certified by the course of the end
university with al-ain toward the arts affiliated pt association
distance education in Brazil
is important for the job market
know the courses of the bakery area
and confectionery
other area
a bakery
basic bakery course
hurst the professional text
unification
advanced professional planning course
basic confectionery course
professional confectionery course
the professional or advanced course of confectionery
food safety in bakeries
To get any of these courses you can call our
call by phone 31 min
3 8 99 7 thousand
You speak at society www.